Now let's explore the power of program management.
So how do we plan and coordinate all this stuff we've been talking about?
Well, we design a program, and we manage it.
Program management is the application of knowledge,
skills, tools, and techniques to meet program requirements.
Organizations with mature program management will be
more successful than those without it.
Here are three key benefits to using program management. Where possible
there are significant advantages to define a program in support of an
objective and then subdivided it into component projects instead of
embarking on individual projects in a scattered and random fashion.
Program management strengthens the alignment of the business unit
strategy and ensures better control and focus on realizing those intended
and expected benefits.
The program manager leads those organizational teams, they are the boss, but
have a very small staff and leverages the organizational teams and talent.
The staff of the program manager can contain, among others, senior business analysts.